[ Silence ]
[ Music ]
>> Robert Phoenix: On November
22nd, 1963 there was a shot
that was heard round the world.
Perhaps there was
more than one shot
that was heard round the world.
What I'm talking
about is the death
of John Fitzgerald Kennedy, then
President of the United States.
It's a significant date
in a significant time,
a significant event that
not only changed the course
of history for this country
but might have even changed
the nature of time itself
and split us off onto
an alternate timeline
which we're now occupying.
For the next segment on
The Eleventh House  I'll be
exploring this theme of the
death of John F. Kennedy.
We're here in Texas, in
Austin, in the capital.
We're not at Dealey Plaza
where theoretically this
should be being shot on the --
essentially the eve of the 50th
anniversary of the death of JFK,
but it's a long way away.
It's not really in
the budget right now,
and there is a government
shutdown,
and it's a national monument.
So all those things considered
we're right here in Austin.
This is the state
capital behind me.
Austin itself has a very rich
and interesting esoteric history
as does the state of Texas.
Texas is a Capricorn
state, and it's also --
it also has a Capricorn moon,
which makes it a
double Capricorn.
One of the manifestations of
Capricorn of course is Baphomet.
Austin itself is a Capricorn
sun, but it has a Libra moon.
And the Libra moon of course
is very conducive to poets,
and artists, and
musicians, and more of a --
an open in state of
mind, an open state
of emotional connection.
So there's a fair amount of
tolerance here in Austin.
In some ways it's quite
different than the state
of Texas itself; they
call it the "Third Coast."
Now as we move through
this segment
of  The Eleventh House  we're
going to be talking about JFK;
we're going to be talking about
LBJ; we're going to be talking
about why Texas was so
important in this meta ritual,
this mega event which
changed everyone's life.
We're also going to be
touching on George W. Bush --
actually George H. W.
Bush and George W. Bush.
We'll also look into the Beatles
and why they play a significant
role in the history that unfolds
after the death of JFK.
We'll talk about Tim
Leary, Mary Pinchot Meyer.
We'll talk about
the Twin Towers.
And we'll move -- fast
forward, into November 2013
because there's a lot
happening astrologically
in November of 2013.
Number one, we have the next
series of squares between Uranus
and Aries, and Pluto
and Capricorn.
Pluto and Capricorn
being of course Baphomet.
We also have Mercury retrograde.
We have an eclipse.
We have the arrival
of Comet ISON.
All amidst the governmental
shutdown.
What does that mean to you?
Well, we'll explore that,
but also we'll explore again
in depth the 50th anniversary
of the assassination
of John F. Kennedy.
Of course the number 50 is
significant in and of itself;
it represents the number
five, and of course Texas --
Texas is ruled
by the five-pointed star
or the number of man.
So all that plays into
what we're going to explore
and experience together over
the course of the next segment
of  The Eleventh House .
Well, we've relocated from
the capital, and here we are
at the Spider House
Cafe in Austin,
one of Austin's more
eclectic coffeehouses.
You can see all around
here we've got retro
and reclaimed art, and it
has a very unique feel.
And today the Spider House
Cafe is  The Eleventh House ,
and we're going to be talking
about this man, John F. Kennedy.
We're in the 50th anniversary
of the death of John F. Kennedy.
And we're going to
get into the astrology
of Kennedy the day he
died, and we're going
to explore both Gemini
and Aquarius as it relates
to the Gemini timeline, or the
split, or the alternate timeline
that we're now occupying.
And when you see this it
will all fit together,
and it will make
sense, trust me.
I'm just going to take
you on a little bit
of a journey here,
but there's Kennedy.
That's him.
That's the man.
And here's his chart.
It's a really interesting chart.
You know here we have
Libra on the ascendant
which made him incredibly
affable and charming.
We have Cancer on the Midheaven,
and you know the United
States is a Cancer country.
So his destiny was definitely
with the United States, that --
that it was going
to be fulfilled
through him in the Midheaven.
There's the -- there's the
first house, the 12th house,
the 11th house -- that
10th house is Leo.
But right there at the edge
of Cancer is his Midheaven.
Now he also has his
sun, Gemini sun --
remember that, Gemini sun.
And his Gemini sun is over
here in the 8th house.
The 8th house is a hidden house.
Like the 12th house it is
hidden, and there are aspects
of the character that are not
revealed or easily revealed
when the sun is in
the 8th house.
It gives the individual a
Scorpionic kind of flair.
And also when the sun is
in the 8th house it --
there is mystery
around paternity,
secrets around the father and
secrets around progeny as well.
Here is a -- a little bit of
a secret, although if you went
onto Wikipedia you'd probably
find it, but you might not know
that JFK's father Joe
Kennedy left Boston,
and went to Hollywood,
and started RKO pictures.
If you watch Turner
Classic Movies you'll see
that RKO pictures
is quite prominent.
He started RKO.
He got into the -- the theater
business because there was a lot
of money being made with
theaters being put all
around the country at that time.
And he had a love affair with a
very popular actress of his day.
In fact, she was
a blonde actress.
Her name was Gloria Swanson,
and just like his old
man John F. Kennedy,
Jr. [sic] had an affair with
a very popular blonde actress
of his day, Marilyn Monroe, who
also happens to be a Gemini.
Now we also see here that
there's Venus in the 8th house.
And Venus in the 8th house also
represents secret relationships
as well that you would not
necessarily know very much
about you know what
that person was doing
or who they were seeing.
And both of them square the
moon over in the 11th house.
The 11th house of course
being the house of Aquarius
that will come up quite a bit.
So sun square moon, Venus
square moon, hard angles.
And these hard angles
often are the dynamic force
through which a chart is
enacted, or with somebody who's
as big as Kennedy through which
the chart of the world or the --
the Anima mundi can also
be activated as well.
Now this is Mary
Cord Meyer [sic].
This is -- this is the woman
I was going to tell you
about as it relates to
the Libra ascendant.
She's a Libra, and of course
she would have a very strong
influence on JFK's life with
her wun in the first house.
That's how it works.
If you have a relationship
with somebody,
you're in a relationship with
someone, and their sun shows
up in your first house there's a
very good chance you'll be very
attracted to the person, and
that they will bring light,
and guidance, and generally
blessings to your life.
Now here she is.
The man next to her
is her husband.
That's Cord Meyer; he's the
head of the CIA, and here's JFK
over here looking quite
fondly at Mary Cord Meyer.
They were lovers.
And not only were they
lovers but the circumstances
under which they were
lovers is quite fascinating.
Now rumor has it that she
was friends with this man,
this is Timothy Leary,
also a Libra.
Tim Leary was working
with the CIA at the time,
and he was in charge of the
CIA's research project on LSD.
And Mary Cord Meyer along with
a number of other wives, women,
in Washington at that time,
were rumored to be getting LSD,
pure grade LSD, from this
man and turning people on.
Of course one of the people that
it's rumored that she turned
on was John F. Kennedy.
Now what happened
when Kennedy took LSD?
I'm sure he had a number of
epiphanies about what he'd
like to do not only for the
country but for the world.
Unfortunately Mary Cord
Myer wound up dead,
mysteriously dead, just
months after the death of JFK,
so we'll never get
the full story.
And I believe Cord
Myers' gone as well.
But it's an interesting
sidelight,
and I think a very
important one.
Ah! And there's this
man, George H. W. Bush.
Now it's rumored that --
well, he was head of
the CIA at one point.
But it's rumored that he
was actually in Dallas
around Dealey Plaza at the
time of the assassination
and might have even had a hand
in it, a helping hand in it.
George H. W. Bush
happens to be a Gemini,
so we're seeing a pattern
and a theme here with Gemini.
Gemini again represents duality.
It represents split persona,
split personality, secret lives.
It represents the
Twin Towers, hey.
It also represents
the Boaz and Jachin.
These are the twin pillars
of mystery and wisdom
that are associated
with secret societies
and other organizations and
groups that are connected
to Enochian and Babylonian
magic.
So here we go.
Here's a picture of Dallas which
is where -- it's not really --
that's a picture and
kind of an illustration.
Of course Dallas is
were JFK was killed.
Just -- just below the
33rd degree parallel,
32 degrees, what do we see here?
We see the two Ls right
in the center of Dallas.
And what do they look like?
They look like-- yes,
you got it, twin towers.
Now here is JFK in
the motorcade,
and this is just before
he's about to be killed.
And this is where --
this is just moments --
this is from the Zapruder
film -- this is just moments,
seconds, seconds from
when everything changes.
When everything we
know and the vector
through which JFK was
going to basically lead us
through this kind of
abyss, this darkness.
You know just before
he died he talked
about a terrible conspiracy that
is -- that is in this world,
and that incredibly
powerful people shudder
at the mere mention
of this conspiracy.
Well it wasn't long before --
long after that that perhaps
that conspiracy caught
up with him.
Now this is the chart for the
-- the day that JFK was killed.
Not just the day, the
exact moment of his death.
And what's fascinating
about this chart is
that you'll see here that
Aquarius is on the ascendant.
Now Aquarius is about utopia;
it's about you know
brotherhood, sisterhood.
Everybody gets along.
It's unicorns; it's rainbows.
Everybody gets a medal.
That's what Aquarius is
kind of on a mundane level.
On a higher level it represents
kind of the liberation
from society, from the yoke
of Capricorn and the ascent
of the material world,
and government,
and high finance, and business.
And once we move beyond that,
and once we move beyond the --
the labors of that with
technology in hand,
theoretically we
have all the tools
and all the enlightened wisdom
to lead our lives equitably,
fairly, and lovingly.
That's what the promise
of the Aquarian Age is.
Now here we see right
at the time
of death Aquarius
is on the ascendant.
And what we have here?
We have Saturn.
Saturn is the lord of time.
Saturn's the lord of
time, and right now
at this time is locking in
Aquarius at that moment.
And here we have
the moon in Aquarius
which is incredibly detached.
It's a very cool moon.
The -- the Saturn and the
moon together aren't --
aren't very warm.
It's a -- quite a dispassionate
nature in some ways.
Now the United States
itself has an Aquarian moon.
Benjamin Franklin --
we can thank Benjamin
Franklin for that.
So in some ways we're
kind of reigniting
or reincarnating the
Aquarian moon for the chart
of the United States, but
it's wedded to Saturn.
And this by the way sun --
the moon conjunct Saturn
is a sign of depression.
It is a -- a depressed
kind of aspect.
Over here we have Pluto,
and Pluto is squaring --
Pluto is squaring Mercury,
and it's -- and we have --
what is that over there?
That is Uranus, and that is
also squaring Mars and Venus.
Pluto and Uranus are
conjunct at that time.
So the Pluto-Uranus square
to Mercury, and to Mars,
and Venus is violence.
The Pluto square to Mars
is violence, sudden, quick,
and -- and fatal, obviously.
Let's move on to the next slide.
So what I'm trying
to show you here is
that when Kennedy
was killed the Age
of Aquarius was cast
at that time.
Now Kennedy was working on
something very interesting.
He was working on creating
a new type of money.
In -- in June of 1963 he had
decided that he was going
to create an executive order.
Executive Order 1111 which
would allow the United States
government to print
silver certificates.
Now what Kennedy had done
earlier is he had taken silver
out of circulation,
and as a result
of that silver was going
to be more important.
It was going to be
more valuable.
Now he had a plan for this, and
this was going to do a runaround
on the Federal Reserve,
which was a no-no.
These are the Hunt brothers.
And the Hunt brothers were
two really key figures
in Kennedy's plan.
The Hunt brothers of
course were the sons
of the Hunt oil family,
the Hunt oil dynasty.
And Texas is where the
Hunt brothers are from,
so is John Connolly, the
passenger on that car --
or in that -- in that car.
It was the Lincoln
with suicide doors
which interestingly enough Keanu
Reeves in  The Matrix  is --
rides in the beginning
of the movie.
Oh, by the way, if you
notice Keanu Reeves, AKA Neo,
if you notice his license in
The Matrix , he's born on 9/11.
Just an interesting
sidelight, pre-9/11 by the way.
So these are the Hunt
brothers and between them
and John Connolly they
were going to use the state
of Texas theoretically
as the new repository
to print these silver
certificates.
That's what was happening, and
Kennedy was going to unlock us
from the yoke of
the Federal Reserve.
Now this is later on with them.
They actually got in trouble
in the 1970s for trying
to corner the silver market.
And they get their hands
slapped, and they had
to pay a lot of fines, but
they were still rich guys
at the end of the day.
Now you're wondering why
I'm showing you the Beatles.
Well, the Beatles play
a very large role here.
Now this is  Meet the
Beatles ; it's the first record
that Americans will
hear of the Beatles.
Guess what date it
was released on?
11/22/63. This comes
out the exact same day
that JFK is assassinated.
And what we have here
is we have, you know,
all the Beatles faces in shadow.
You know again, this is duality.
This is light and dark.
This is an echo of Gemini.
Gemini by the way it is opposite
the Galactic Center which is
around 28 degrees
Sagittarius right now.
And the Galactic Center
is where we get pulsed all
of our neutrinos from the
center -- center of our galaxy.
It's really kind of the
-- the galactic brain.
And in Sagittarius the
energy is about authenticity,
and truth, and honesty.
Those are the hallmarks
of Sagittarius,
adventure, courageousness.
It's the sign of the hero.
Now on the opposite
side we have Gemini.
We have the twins
Castor and Pollux.
You know again it's duplicity.
It's duality.
It's split consciousness.
It's the bicameral
brain, and everything now
on this planet seems to
go deeper, and deeper,
and deeper into this divide,
into this dualistic divide.
And here we see the Beatles
actually personifying --
personifying -- they're the
face of this dualistic divide.
Light and shadow, light and dark
you know and it's the right eye
of each one of them
that is being shown.
Now in -- in terms
of alternative research
there is this theory
that when the left
eye is the one
that is shown you've been
initiated into the cult
of Horus and the cult of Isis.
But here we just see the
shadow and the right eye.
And of course Paul
McCartney is a Gemini.
So  Meet the Beatles , same day
that Kennedy is assassinated.
Here's Lyndon Baines Johnson.
He takes over as President,
and this is where
everything diverges.
Saturn is in Aquarius
at this time.
He wastes no time in
launching the "Great Society"
which is a synthetic
version of the Aquarian Age.
It's all governmental.
It's all top-down stuff.
Now there are some
people who say, "Hey,
the "Great Society"
was fantastic.
It was a war on poverty."
You know I don't want to
get into it too deeply
because we have a
limited amount of time,
but that takes place
on his watch.
What also takes place on
his watch is a deepening
of our commitment in Vietnam.
Now there were all these people
like Dean Rusk, and Atchison,
and the Dulles brothers,
they were all around Kennedy.
They were called the wise
men, Robert McNamara;
John Connolly was
even one of them.
Now once Kennedy was gone and
out of the way the first thing
that Lyndon Baines Johnson did
is he a rescinded Executive
Order 1111.
Got a -- he did away with it.
And the other thing that he did
is he escalated our involvement
in the Vietnam War.
It was a non-winnable war.
There were rules of engagement.
And it happened on his watch.
A Democrat, theoretically
a peace-loving Democrat.
The other thing that's
really interesting is
that Madeleine Brown who
was LBJ's mistress came
out with a book at
the end of her life
and basically said, "He did it."
He was the guy that
was involved,
that he admitted to her.
Now granted she was
his mistress,
but she was his mistress
for quite a long time,
so sometimes some of the
most interesting, innocuous,
and at times questionable
people might actually contain
some truth.
Here's the Beatles.
This happens on February
4th, 1964.
First time Ed Sullivan Show,
and February 4th
is, again, was sign?
Aquarius. And this
is really kind
of the cementing of
the Aquarian Age.
They're -- they're the pied
pipers of the Aquarian Age.
With them we will
explore many things.
We'll explore transcendental
meditation, eastern religions;
we'll explore LSD, the
psychedelic movement,
and even to a large -- to a --
to a greater extent madness.
And we'll see that in
another Beatles album.
Now here's an image
from the war in Vietnam.
Many of you who are watching
this were alive during
that time, and you can see
this every night on TV.
It was horror theater
brought home.
We don't see that
anymore with war.
In some ways it's
completely dishonest,
but there was a traumatization
happening every night,
and a desensitization
to violence.
You know it's -- it was
you know threading a --
a red line through our
lives at 6 o'clock.
And we were confronted
with these horrific images.
And to this day Vietnam
is -- is a part of our --
our history that we
haven't really reconciled,
not with the veterans, and not
with our own role in the war.
It -- to this day it is a
mark of shame on America
for a number of different
reasons.
This happens on the timeline
that begins to take place
in the death of the
wake of John F. Kennedy.
Rumor has it he was going
to get us out of Vietnam.
That's another thing
he was going to do.
Watts riots, 1965,
social unrest.
Again you have this duality,
the black-white divide.
You know the -- the racial
bifurcation really comes
to the fore during the mi-60s.
Now some people say
that -- that it had too,
that it was inevitable.
Perhaps. If Kennedy might
have been President who knows?
Who knows what would've
happened?
But this is a result again of
the chaos, and the conflict,
and the strife that
ensues in the death of JFK.
Now here's the Beatles album.
This is "The White Album."
This was released on what day?
11/22. And I believe this
is 1968 if I'm not mistaken.
11/22/68. This is "The White
Album," and this is the album
that gives us "Revolution 9"
and of course "Helter Skelter"
which becomes the psychotic
soundtrack to the mind
of one Charles Manson which in
a lot of ways signals the end
of the Summer of Love.
And Charles Manson is kind
of a -- in some ways a --
a dark Aquarian avatar.
You know he comes out
of prison, and he --
he acquires these castoffs and
misfits for the Manson Family
in the Haight-Ashbury which
was ground zero for the Summer
of Love and the epicenter
of this version of
the Aquarian Age.
Takes them out into the desert,
works their mind
was psychedelics,
and tells them he
can set them free.
This is a picture
from the Chicago --
the riots in Chicago in 1968.
It's a very heavy time, and
as a result of that election
and the failure of the
Democratic Party to do anything
about the Vietnam War,
this man is elected.
It's Richard Millhouse Nixon.
He's a Capricorn, and at
that time we have kind
of the stirrings of the neocons.
You know, young guys like
Dick Cheney, and Don Rumsfeld,
and I believe Daniel Shore.
This is where the whole
kind of neocon clan begins
to assemble in Washington, DC.
And they will show up later on.
And as a result we
have this guy.
This is George W.
Bush, and W is the son
of George H. W., obviously.
Where's the from?
He's from Texas, and he
gets elected in 2000.
It's an important time,
an important election.
Of course the election is always
in doubt with what happened
in Florida, and his brother.
But it doesn't take him long
to oversee this critical event,
and I'm talking about 9/11.
Here he is being told
by one of his aides
about the plane hitting
one of the towers,
one of the Twin Towers.
And he's reading a
book about a goat.
A goat, and of course there's
a lot of interesting symbolism
around a goat, but it's
foreshadowing Pluto
and Capricorn which is the time
then we're in now, and the rise
of the corporatocratic age.
And there's this
man, Dick Cheney.
Now Dick Cheney is
in Washington thanks
to [inaudible] being elected,
and of course Cheney and a lot
of his buddies have connections
through Reagan all the way back
to the Nixon Administration.
Cheney is an Aquarian, so here
we have [laughter] you know
somebody Aquarian
and very influential.
And by the way Ronald Reagan
was an Aquarian as well.
But here's Cheney, an
Aquarian, very influential,
and kind of being the --
the executor or the guy
who's initiating a --
a one-world or new world
order because that's
where we are right now as a
result of the domino effect
from the -- the war in
Iraq, and Afghanistan,
and the War of Terror.
So there's Dick Cheney.
So do you see where
this is going?
It's just -- it keeps getting
worse [laughter], and worse,
and worse, and going into
deeper and deeper straits.
Now in the 1990s we had a lot --
we had a lot of relative wealth.
People were working.
It was a -- more or less a
happy time for the most part.
Clinton was the President.
But we have these guys.
These are the Twin Towers.
And what are they a
representative of?
The sign of Gemini,
that's right.
They are duality.
They are markers in time, and
they are going to be eradicated
because we need to be able to
-- or somebody needs to be able
to continue this timeline.
We would start it on 11/22/63,
there has to be some kind
of continuation, some
kind of mirror event
that takes place out of this.
Here we have the
of course the --
the first tower's
already been hit;
the second tower's
about to be hit.
And as a result of which we have
all of this incredible rubble.
What's fascinating
about the rubble is
that they have not found --
or they didn't find
very many desks,
very many telephones,
very many computers.
It was mostly rebar and dust.
Something very powerful had
to eliminate all those
extraneous items,
or maybe those extraneous
items didn't exist at all.
Now what happens out of 9/11?
Well, we have our next Vietnam.
Here we go -- oh, before --
before we get to
the next Vietnam,
this is Larry Silverstein.
He's the guy that
owned the Twin Towers.
And by the way, if you were
to guess what sign he
is what would you say?
If you said Gemini you'd
be absolutely correct.
He's the guy that said
pull building number seven.
And we didn't have the silver
certificates with Kennedy,
but we have Silverstein.
Now here is the new Vietnam.
It's the War on Terror.
It's the war in Afghanistan.
It's the war in Iraq.
And this -- these
are the images.
These are the images
that we receive,
or we received during that time.
And we got these not necessarily
on the nightly news every
night, but they came.
And they came in bursts,
and they were horrific.
And all the good will
that America had accrued
as being the victims of
9/11 went away very quickly
when the rest of
the world saw this.
And this. This is the
demoralization of consciousness.
This is [inaudible],
and this is even worse
in some ways than Vietnam.
We didn't see our troops in
Vietnam do anything like this.
This was -- if they did
it was hidden from us.
This is the dark shadow and
the scab of the War on Terror
and the war in Afghanistan
and Iraq.
Now we also have Guantanamo
as a result of, again, 9/11.
Guantanamo was always there,
but they just turned
it into a prison.
So these are the images
that we're being inculcated
with during that
time, the new Vietnam.
The repetition, the
repeat of the timeline.
Where do they keep all --
a lot of that rubble,
like the big chunks?
The big pieces?
Right here.
Guess where it is?
It's at JFK Airport.
Get it? JFK.
And the company that used to
own this hangar was Tower Air.
Tower Air, JFK Airport.
This is hangar 17.
17 is an interesting number
because in the Major
Arcana it is the star card.
Here we have the
five-pointed star.
This is actually from
the state of Texas.
So we have a reverberation
here from the state
of Texas, five-pointed star.
There's another example of the
five-pointed star, this is --
right here that should be  The
Universal Man  by Davinci.
Remember, the star
is the symbol of man.
The number of man is five.
Here we go,  Universal
Man , Davinci,
again displaying the basic
nature of the five-pointed star,
but also its extensions
and offshoots.
Here we have a -- this
is an alchemical symbol
from the Middle Ages.
Again, the five-pointed
star of man.
And we see the alchemical
marriage with the sun
and the moon together, and the
entire cosmos, man right here
in the center of the Earth,
and the entire cosmos
actually rotating
around the Earth
believe it or not.
Not around the sun,
but around the Earth.
And lastly this is
the star card.
This is number 17
in the Major Arcana.
And what sign does the
star card represent?
Aquarius. So again we have this
kind of wave that is both dual,
Gemini, and this kind
of synthetic version
of the Aquarian Age.
And we're going to get into that
a little bit deeper as we --
we get to the end of
this presentation.
Now this is for the
lunar eclipse --
I'm sorry, the solar eclipse
on the 3rd of November.
And this is for New York.
And it's -- it's an
interesting and solar eclipse.
It's a hybrid eclipse.
It starts in Florida, and
then it goes all the way
across to Africa,
and covers Africa.
Now you can see up here,
this is the Midheaven.
We have all these planets
in Scorpio in the Midheaven.
It's a really interesting
aggregation of planets.
And this -- the Midheaven
here, this is the --
this is the -- the 10th house.
Actually, this is the 9th house.
It's slanted a bit.
So this is the 9th house.
This is Sagittarius.
And Sagittarius, again if we
go back to the Galactic Center,
it's all those attributes.
It's sovereignty.
It's authenticity.
It's honesty.
It's -- its heroism.
It's courage.
It's revelation.
And here we have all these
Scorpio planets which are all
about you know going into the
depth and exploring secrets
and dredging up the mystery
from the recesses of the psyche.
That's all in the 9th house.
You put those two together,
and what do we have?
We have an aggregation for
revelation, and it's part
of a very powerful series of
sextiles here sextiling off
to Mars in -- in Virgo,
and also sextiling off
into Pluto and Capricorn.
Now Pluto here is in the 12th
house, a very powerful house.
It's hidden.
It's -- it's depth -- it's
depth, it's intensity,
and it's squaring Uranus.
Now Pluto and Uranus have
been squaring off since 2009
and will continue
to do so until 2015.
This is a very dynamic
square, and Uranus
and Aries represent the
spirit of the individual.
It's the will.
And Uranus is electricity.
It's happening.
It's right now.
It is spontaneous.
One of the interesting
technologies that's emerged
through Uranus and Aries
has been the 3-D printer
which will allow individuals
to create from start
to finish objects in their
own home, and their --
their own home workshops
and garages.
That's just one aspect of it.
A lot of the revolutions
that we've seen
around the planet have
also been Uranus and Aries.
Here it's squaring off
against Pluto and Capricorn.
That is the fusion of
government and big business,
the corporatocratic state.
There's conflict here.
There's deep conflict.
So we have revelation, and
something emerges out of this --
out of this eclipse on the 3rd.
But there's also the potential
for very powerful conflict
between these two forces.
Here's a map of the eclipse that
starts right here in Florida,
and then it crosses right
through central Africa,
right through the
heart of the Mother.
And any time an eclipse goes
across a country or passes
over it pay close attention
because there can be some kind
of -- of geophysical, or
political, or cultural kind
of cataclysm that results.
And the power of the eclipse,
that will last days and weeks
after the eclipse itself.
So keep an eye on places like to
Gabon and central Africa right
through the heart of
that great continent.
Now here we have the
path of Comet ISON.
Comet ISON is very interesting.
It's called a sun grazing comet.
Theoretically it's
from the Oort cloud.
Here is the path.
It's going to be
coming around the sun,
and astronomers have
already said it's going
to make this journey.
It's periheliun.
Right there, and then in
November guess where it is?
It's right there
at Earth, right?
Right here at Earth.
ISON, by the way if you play
around with the words a little
bit also spells Sion, or Zion,
and that has some interesting
ramifications in terms
of the name, and in terms of
its symbolic significance.
So it is the return in some
ways a Zion, or Sion, or Zion,
and of course the home
of Zion is Babylon.
So here we go.
ISON coming right by us.
Now here's a -- a picture
of ISON actually in space.
That's it.
That's what it looks
like theoretically.
But there's another
really interesting picture,
and that's ISON as well.
Now this is unusual.
We have a light here, a light
here, and we have a light here.
They do not seem connected.
They seem like three
separate entities.
Now there are some
people that believe
that this is the Red
Kachina, that it is the --
the winged giant, and
it is coming our way.
Now what's really
interesting is --
is that over the
course of the last month
and a half geophysical
and seismic activity has
been off the charts on Earth.
If you haven't been tracking it
you know this is November now,
but in September Yosemite
had a 3.5 earthquake,
which is pretty high
for Yosemite.
And they had a triple
swarm of earthquakes.
Never happened before
in Yosemite.
And there have been
major earthquakes
in the month of October.
There was a big earthquake, 7.1,
and that happened in Pakistan.
And then there was a major
earthquake in the Philippines,
and another major
earthquake in Greece.
So there is geophysical and
seismic activity that --
that's really heating up.
Is it connected to ISON?
I guess we'll find out.
That's all in November
by the way.
Now this is the last thing
I'm going to tell you about.
Here's the United States,
and this is the electrical
grid of the United States.
In November guess what
they're going to do?
They're going to shut this down.
They're going to shut it
down for a couple of days.
They're going to -- no,
not a couple of days.
I'm not sure how long
they're going to shut it down,
but an extended period
of time, and you can find
out about this on the Internet.
This is to see how people
in public agencies respond
when every single grid
in this country is hit
by a power outage.
Now you could pretty much find
out how people would respond
by just doing a portion
of the grid,
but they're really going for it.
And this, I believe, is
on the 13th of November.
And there are some people
that are speculating
that when the lights come back
on this could be a
very different place.
So we have this; we have Comet
ISON; we have Mercury retrograde
which is already you
know -- had been effect.
And then we also
have the eclipse,
the solar eclipse all
happening in the same month,
the month of November, the
11th month, keep that in mind.
The number 11 very prominent.
So what I wanted to do
is I want to leave you
with a timeline that
I created here.
And this is the timeline that
existed as a result of the death
of JFK, and this is
an alternate timeline,
timeline that [laughter] we
might -- we could be living,
and every now and then pops up
through the cracks and fissures
of our consciousness
and our culture.
Let's just take a look at this.
This is the false or
this pseudo-Aquarian Age.
This is right here
surveillance as oneness.
And this is the whole idea
that the all-seeing eye can
access all, sees us all,
hears everything, and as a
result of that becomes kind
of this omniscient
force, plays God on Earth
and connects every single
one of us in a unified field
in a state of surveillance.
That is one version, very
synthetic and chilling version
of what it's like to be one.
Here we have poverty as
-- poverty as one class.
And what we're seeing here
in the United States
is we're seeing the --
the cratering of
the middle class.
Middle class keeps losing more
and more of its economic clout
and its economic power.
And it's sinking
down into the --
kind of the lower middle
class, and even the lower class
if people have taken a real hit.
Meanwhile there are countries
like Brazil, and Russia,
and India, and China, they're
known as the brick countries.
Their economic level
is going up.
So the whole idea here is to
flat line every single economy
across the world and create
one economy, one class,
and perhaps even one
currency as a result of this.
You see this is all
synthetic, right?
This is all top-down
down managed,
engineered, and manipulated.
Over here we have science.
Science replaces
nature, it's a GMO apple.
And genetically modified foods
-- and not just vegetables
or fruits, but they're talking
about genetically
modifying meats.
They're getting right down
to the DNA of everything
by genetically modifying
alfalfa.
It's replacing nature.
It's putting a synthetic
imprint over everything.
This is science dominating
nature.
This is where science becomes
our god, not nature or God
through nature, but
science itself.
And over here we have -- this
is -- this is the green utopia,
and this is controlled setting.
This is Agenda 21.
If you haven't looked at
Agenda 21 I urge you --
and this is kind of you know
if you look back at  The Wizard
of Oz  where do they live?
You know where -- where does
-- you know where do all the --
the Lilliputians live?
And -- and you know where
is it really happening?
Where does the wizard live?
It's the Emerald Kingdom, right?
It's perfect in the
Emerald Kingdom.
That's a metaphor
for Agenda 21, and --
and what I call the
-- the green utopia.
But unfortunately what comes
along with all these --
these wonderful [laughter] you
know luxuries that are quote,
unquote sustainable is also a
really controlled environment
as a result of that.
You know we are -- theoretically
as a result of Agenda 21,
you can -- you can dig
into it and find out,
are going to be kind of
[laughter] moved off the lands
and moved to these -- you know
these wonderful green centers.
So this is again
giving us kind of a --
a false sense of utopia
in some ways, and --
and giving us the
-- sort of the --
the green effect
that we can feel
like we're being responsible
stewards of the Earth,
but really what it
amounts to is kind of a --
a cushy cage in some ways with
funny-looking light bulbs.
And then the last image here is
transhumanism, the hive mind.
And this is the selling
of transhumanism,
the fusion between
synthetic consciousness
and human consciousness.
And as a result of that we
would create this hive mind
or this one mind which
again would be a pseudo
or synthetic version
of the Aquarian Age.
Now the organic version of the
Aquarian Age or the alternate,
so we have here freedom of
spirit versus surveillance
as oneness where everybody
understands their own
uniqueness, their
own authenticity,
their own spiritual nature,
their talent divine connection,
and is not mediated or
mitigated by any third party.
Here as a -- an alternative
to poverty is abundance
through service or
abundance through giving.
This is where people
understand their innate wealth,
and as a result they're willing
to share either through service
or through the sharing
of their money.
This is about a shared economy
that is voluntary
and non-forced.
But it's also a reevaluation
of value as a result of that.
Opposite science
replacing nature.
Nature is sacred.
This is where we honor nature.
This is where nature comes
into the Aquarian image
that everything is one,
that everything has its own
unique signature in our lives.
Here we have healthy
sovereign communities,
and this would be
the alternative
to the Agenda 21-based
and planned communities.
The healthy sovereign
communities are people
that work the land,
have farm-to-table
experience with their food.
They share locally.
They buy locally.
And it really is kind of a --
a reorientation of the top-down
stratification of consumerism.
And this is where
communities take responsibility
for what they provide for
themselves and for each other.
Again, this is a very
Aquarian kind of experience.
You fuse that with technology
and some of the wonderful things
that we can bring into like
hydroponics or [inaudible],
and this could be a
-- a really dynamic,
a very dynamic experience
in terms of living.
And then finally what we have
here is indigenous dream time.
And indigenous dream time
stands opposite the Borg mind
or the hive mind where
the biosynthetic mind,
the transhumanism is glorified.
And this includes
indigenous traditions.
These are the [inaudible].
These are some of the
tribes from the Amazon.
These are the aboriginal people,
especially the aboriginal people
because they connect us
into a cosmic version
of [laughter] the Internet.
They connect us into a
timeless virtual reality
through the dream time.
And this is the organic
alternate version
of the Borgian synthetic
hive mind.
So you know what's happening
is we have these cracks
and fissures almost
like deep sea bands
or what happens with
tectonic plates.
And we have these eruptions
of the Aquarian sphere
or Aquarian thinkers.
True Aquarian sphere and
true Aquarian thinkers
that bring us closer to
the potential that we have
by taking things into our own
domain, making them our known,
and sharing them with others
organically through love
and through a connection,
a divine connection
with the sacred nature of
this planet, and not something
that is imposed upon us by
a corporation, or by a bank,
or by a government,
or by a laboratory.
So where are we?
We're -- we're in November, and
we're going to find out if we're
about to hit the next
iteration or the next wrinkle
in this timeline, because after
9/11 there is a -- an ennui.
There is a -- there is a sense
of stasis that's taken place,
and people are not buying the
dominant paradigm anymore.
They're just not.
Any time some major event
happens they either get more
turned off by government,
more turned off by the media,
or more turned off
by manipulation from
either of them.
So what we're having here
is we're having this rise,
Uranus and Aries squaring off
against Pluto and Capricorn.
So we've just taken a journey
through the 11th
house very quick.
And we've explored the
symbolic, the astrological,
and the meta nature of the death
of John F. Kennedy and the split
of the Aquarian timeline.
So I want to thank you
for joining me here
at the Spider House Cafe
and staking the journey
through the 11th house.
I'm Robert Phoenix.
Until next time.
[ Music ]